The President:
Hello, everybody.
On Thursday, I went down to
Florida to visit Disneyworld.
And to Sasha and Malia's
great disappointment,
I was not there to hang out
with Mickey or ride the
Space Mountain.
Instead, I was there to talk
about steps we're taking to
boost tourism and create jobs.
Tourism is the number
one service we export.
Every year, tens of millions of
tourists come from all over the
world to visit America.
They stay in our hotels,
eat at our restaurants,
and see all the sights
America has to offer.
That's good for
local businesses.
That's good for local economies.
And the more folks
who visit America,
the more Americans
we get back to work.
It's that simple.
We can't wait to seize
this opportunity.
As I've said before, I will
continue to work with Congress,
states, and leaders in the
private sector to find ways to
move this country forward.
But where they can't act
or won't act, I will.
Because we want the world
to know that America is open
for business.
And that's why I announced steps
we're taking to promote America
and make it easier for
tourists to come and visit.
Frequent travelers who pass an
extensive background check will
be able to scan their passports
and fingerprints and skip the
long lines at immigration
at more airports.
We're going to expand the number
of countries where visitors can
get pre-cleared by Homeland
Security so they don't need a
tourist visa.
And we're going to speed up visa
processing for countries with
growing middle classes that
can afford to visit America --
countries like China and Brazil.
We want more
visitors coming here.
We want them
spending money here.
It's good for our economy, and
it will help provide the boost
more businesses need
to grow and to hire.
And we can't wait
to make it happen.
Too often over the
last few months,
we've seen Congress drag its
feet and refuse to take steps we
know will help
strengthen our economy.
That's why this is the latest in
a series of actions I've taken
on my own to help our economy
keep growing, creating jobs,
and restoring security
for middle-class families.
In September, we decided to stop
waiting for Congress to fix No
Child Left Behind and give
states the flexibility they need
to help our kids meet
higher standards.
We made sure that small
businesses that have contracts
with the federal government
can get paid faster so they can
start hiring more people.
We made it easier for veterans
to get jobs and put their
skills to work.
We took steps to help families
whose home values have fallen
to refinance their mortgages
and save up to thousands of
dollars a year.
We sped up the loan process for
companies that want to rebuild
our roads and bridges -- putting
construction workers back
on the job.
And I appointed Richard Cordray
to be America's consumer
watchdog and protect working
Americans from the worst abuses
of the financial industry.
These are good steps.
Now we need to do more.
On Tuesday evening, I'll deliver
my State of the Union Address,
where I'll lay out my blueprint
for actions we need to take
together -- not just me, or
Congress, but every American --
to rebuild an economy where
hard work and responsibility
are rewarded.
An economy that's built to last.
I hope you'll tune in.
In the meantime, I'm going to
keep doing everything I can to
make this country not only
the best place to visit and do
business -- but the best place
to live and to work and build a
better life.
Thanks for watching.
Have a great weekend.
And I'll see you on Tuesday.